# Introspection
### Why must we choose you?
   I was a Biomath student but has a great turn towards computers and tech. Since I'm a student with a passion towards learning more about programming from zero,I find amFOSS as the perfect club for me. I hope amfoss will guide me to learn more about programming and to continue my passion towards it. I would love to do programming my whole life and will give my best into it. I will deliver exceptional results to the club and and will work on my communication abilities and teamwork skills which i will put to use in my future career, which would be in your club if I am selected.I will assure that if I get into amFOSS club, I will manage time and bring positive results in both the club as well as in my academics. Actually I want to engage with the others, so joining a club would really help me. I'm not good at coding but I will assure that I will give my whole effort to learn everything that I could to get a better future.
### What is your plan for the next 6 months?
After seeing the task JSExplorer, I was so fascinated to learn JavaScript and to use Node.js to design a website. I was so inspired by seeing a website made by [Bruno Simon.com](https://bruno-simon.com/).So I plan to learn more about Javascript and to build a more interesting website. But before that I need to complete the CS50 lecture and refresh my python language. All I know now is the basics of the languages. So I want move forward in it and will spend more time in my academics too. I also want to do a useful project. Now I will focus more on open source contributions and elements related with AI since I took that branch.
### How would you contribute back to the club?
I will work hard to extend my knowledge and use it for whatever the club wants me to do.I will make sure that I give my best work out of me to help the club to move forward. I will try to achieve something in future that the will make the amfoss club proud.I would also love to help other fellow members or to those who are new to the club with everything that I know..😇
### Do you have any feedback for the selection process?
The type of selection process are well structured. It has enabled me to learn many interesting thing moreoveer useful matters. It was a great experience for me as I now know where my weak point is, and what to learn more. I am reallly satisfied with my current level and the progress I made in these days. Thanks to amFOSS Members for giving a sufficient amount of time to try out every tasks.🙌 
